oh pretty hey how's it going guys this
is Dave 2d and this is a review of an
all-in-one device from Lenovo now I
normally don't love all-in-one Windows
devices they're normally kind of geared
towards casual users and the ones that
can play games don't play them all that
well this one however is quite different
so by definition as an all-in-one system
it has all the parts of a desktop PC
built into one unit the overall build
quality is good the exterior is mostly
plastic but everything including the
stand feels very sturdy and well made
the screen is obviously up front but the
motherboard and all the components are
housed in the back now the idea of this
system is already pretty cool but lenovo
also gives users full access to these
components so upgrading them is super
easy you press this Y shaped thing back
here I guess we could call it a button
and the panel's pop off it's a fully
tooless entry and once you're in there
aside from the CPU every major component
can be user upgraded so the SSD the hard
drive the RAM all of these are easily
accessed and swapped out but the best
part is that the video card can also be
swapped out and before I got this thing
in I thought they would have put a
laptop GTX 10 series in here because of
the form factor but it's actually a full
sized desktop gtx 1070 which is awesome
now I can't be sure of the direction
that Nvidia is going to take their cards
but at 380 watts I think the power
supply in here
should be enough to upgrade your card
for the next generation or two so that
should I extend the life of this system
nicely there's a swing out arm for
headphone storage which is kind of cool
and has a ton of ports audio jacks
lots of USB ports and optical drive and
SD card slot display output and an
Ethernet jack it also has an HDMI IN
which allows the display panel to be
used as a standalone screen so if you
have a laptop you can connect it up and
now you have a secondary display but
keep in mind that when you connect it
like this even though the computer is
off a quiet fan does kick in seemingly
to cool the display panel it comes with
a keyboard and mouse but I preferred
using my own the included keyboard is
actually pretty good it's not mechanical
but it feels
nice the mouse is it's not great but it
lets you get the system running right
out of the box okay back to the screen
it's a TN panel with respectable color
gamut and accuracy 1440p running at 144
Hertz with a 5 millisecond response time
and I think this was a really good
choice I mean they could have gone with
something higher resolution like 4k
panel but at 27 inches 1440p Reddy has
really good pixel density and on a
gaming product like this going with the
high refresh rate is the way to go on
top of the screen is a pop-up webcam and
this allows the bezels to be thin while
keeping the camera up top it's 720p
looks decent and it supports Windows
hello so you can log in through facial
recognition the CPU in here is an i5
6500 so you can configure it with an i7
but if you're just playing games the i5
is definitely the best bang for your
buck and then combine that with the gtx
1070 and this 144 hertz panel and you
have an awesome gaming experience at the
native resolution battlefield one was a
comfortable 70 frames per second on
ultra at 1440p and one of the most
demanding games i played was witcher 3
and max graphic settings with hair works
on and I'm still getting around 45
frames per second hair works off we're
looking at 65 70 frames per second now
if you want to see that super smooth 144
Hertz refresh you'll need to reduce
graphic settings or your game resolution
to 1080p
my personal preference has always been
to play games at 1080p and to get frame
rate up because I love buttery gameplay
but everyone's different now it's also a
very capable machine for video editing
there's two Drive base so you can have a
dedicated cache drive and the screen
isn't bad for color accurate work
also if VR is your thing the GTX 10
series cards can easily handle current
VR titles the thermal management is
solid temperatures on load are good fan
noise is audible even on idle but it's
not very loud and then when it's under
load it picks up but it's still very
tolerable it has a pair of 5 watt
speakers and audio quality is decent
you're still going to want a headset for
competitive gaming but they're great for
media consumption ok so I fired a PC
part picker to do a rough price
comparison between this system
and building your own and equivalent
components are coming in at around $1400
- the keyboard the mouse the infrared
webcam and speakers so let's add I don't
know another 100 bucks for those so I
would say that the premium that you're
paying to get into this form factor is
around three hundred three hundred fifty
dollars and it might even be less
depending on low no VOC sales now
obviously if not as flexible system as
building your own but you're getting a
warranty with it and it's a pretty cool
form factor so yeah I mean it's not an
amazing value but it's way better than I
thought it would be with the lenovo y9
10 you're getting a really solid 27-inch
TN panel with 144 hertz refresh rate
it's a perfect screen for gaming and it
can be used as a standalone display the
speakers are also pretty good for a
media consumption when you flip around
the internals are very easily accessed
the base model comes with an i-5 6500
and a Founders Edition gtx 1070 these
deliver really solid game of performance
and are both properly cooled there are
12 gigs of ram upgradeable to 32 to
drive bays and m2 SSD and a three and a
half inch hard drive there's a 380 watt
power supply and all of these components
are packed into a nicely engineered
chassis overall this is one of the more
interesting pcs I've seen this year
I like small cases so having an
all-in-one device that has good
components that are upgradable good
performance and a fair price I think
it's fantastic so if you're looking for
a gaming desktop take a look at this one
obviously it's not for everyone but it
might pique your interest because I
think it's pretty cool
thumbs if you like this video subs if
you loved it it's been nice I'll see you
guys next time
[Music]